VCS Event Viewer (#1651)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/vcs/index.html.md

- [Azure DevOps Server](./azure-devops-server.html)
- [Azure DevOps Services](./azure-devops-services.html)

-> **Note:** Alternatively, you can skip the OAuth configuration process and authenticate with a personal access token. This requires using Terraform Cloud's API. For details, see [the OAuth Clients API page](../api/oauth-clients.html).

## Viewing events

> -> **Note**: The VCS Event Viewer is still in beta while support is added for additional VCS providers. Currently only GitLab.com connections established after December 2020 are supported.

Author: ```suggestion
-> **Note**: The VCS Event Viewer is still in beta as support is being added for additional VCS providers. Currently only GitLab.com connections established after December 2020 are supported.
```

- [Azure DevOps Services](./azure-devops-services.html)

> -> **Note:** Alternately, you can skip the OAuth configuration process and authenticate with a personal access token. This requires using Terraform Cloud's API. For details, see [the OAuth Clients API page](../api/oauth-clients.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** Alternatively, you can skip the OAuth configuration process and authenticate with a personal access token. This requires using Terraform Cloud's API. For details, see [the OAuth Clients API page](../api/oauth-clients.html).
```

Reviewer: https://grammarist.com/usage/alternately-vs-alternatively/

## Viewing events

> -> **Note**: The VCS Event Viewer is still in beta while support is added for additional VCS providers. Currently only GitLab.com connections established after December 2020 are supported.

Author: ```suggestion
-> **Note**: The VCS Events API is still in beta while support is added for additional VCS providers. Currently only GitLab.com connections established after December 2020 are supported.
```

> VCS events describe changes within your organization for VCS-related actions, such as creating a new VCS provider (also called OAuth Client), loading repositories while creating a new workspace, or processing incoming webhooks. Events are limited to the past 10 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VCS events describe changes within your organization for VCS-related actions, such as creating a new VCS provider (also called an OAuth Client), loading repositories while creating a new workspace, or processing incoming webhooks. Displayed events are limited to the past 10 days.
```
